well it's the first day of Blizzcon I'm
joined right now by reynad himself at
the end of the first day of the
Invitational it's wrapping up behind us
right now in with two N's or in with two
incident how is that going for you it's
going pretty good we're 2 & 1 which
means we definitely advance to tomorrow
and then depending on how this match
pans out right here our tie breakers
might be good enough that we finish
first so we'll see and what what do you
think of this cuz this is a little
different from like the super hardcore
hearthstone eSports experience is it
kind of mixing up this year how's it
been for you to participate in it I mean
it's super fun you know I've definitely
of cast it on the Blizzcon stage I've
done like little events here and on most
years and it's cool to actually be on as
a player and you know hopefully bring
back a trophy that would be that'll be
awesome so you know it's definitely not
the rigorous qualification process that
traditional hearthstone eSports has but
we take those and hopefully hopefully
win yeah do you like working as a team
instead of as an individual is that
enjoyable for you kind of yeah I mean
it's as a nice like system of checks and
balances you know I I definitely felt
like I was the guy on the group project
in high school did most of the work on
this one this time around but for the
games themselves it's really nice to
like have reassurance that like you know
I hey guys I want to make this play do
you agree do you disagree some plays are
really cool clothes so it's just it's
always nice to have a team behind you so
you're more confident your plays a
little bit of shared responsibility now
I don't know how much you know about or
can speak to the kobolds and catacombs
announcement that we saw today but I'm
curious if that's something that is
interesting to you exciting to you if
you feel like this is gonna be a
disaster I never know with what the
answer is I'm gonna get from you yeah I
mean normally I have nothing but good
things to say about artisan expansions
coming out you know Hardison is a game
of peaks and valleys when it comes to
player base and viewership and things
like that so whenever we're on the cusp
of a new expansion releasing I mean it's
just good for me like for business but I
also have a lot more fun as a player I
so I normally have nothing good positive
things to say I mean with that said
though a couple of the mechanics here I
really don't like that they showed I
one of my least favorite cards in the
game that I think is some of the worst
design Harsens ever had was barnes and
they basically turned it into a keyword
and are now putting it on like dozens of
cards so like there's a cart there
bouncing a little bit better you can't
just pull any minion the minion has to
cost like four or less but you know the
range between getting a one drop or a
four drop is like night and day so I
depending on which cards with that
mechanic actually end up seeing you know
the light of constructed playability
will kind of determine my opinion on
that but I'm my gut instinct is
saltiness yeah my gut instinct of
saltiness I love that line okay
also they're introducing a completely
free to play single-player mode with
this expansion as well is that of
interest you at all from a streaming
perspective or maybe getting new players
in any thoughts on that at all I mean
anytime hearthstone adds a new format
you know once every four years or so
it's actually fantastic for the game
honestly I even if I don't play it
myself like tavern brawl I recognize
that it's just incredibly healthy for
the game to have options like that for
you know the more casual player base and
the people I just want to log in play
for a little bit every day players like
that keep the game alive and it's you
know that's the thing separating us from
going the way of StarCraft so let's I'm
all about those formats I'm sure I'll
I'll play some of that solo adventure
myself looks pretty fun and yeah other
than that anything interesting at
Blizzcon for you any exciting stuff
going on anything outside of the
invitational in the announcement I'm
pretty hyped to see our here's a Spartan
team compete actually we have a tempo
storm here as roster and top eight I
Caribbean so you know I'm gonna try to
try to do America proud and take one
home for na they're uh they're really
confident they're playing against a team
that's won you know the past couple
international tournaments so it's a
beaker it'd be crazy upset if they get
there so I'm really excited for those
matches and yeah other than that just
checking out the event and hanging out
with friends that you know I don't
always get to see in one place in one
weekend so is it difficult for you at
all to balance you know being on stage
here and also having a team competing
and at a tournament here
yeah I mean it's ugly not easy I mean
it's you know 16 hour work days and
running a company absolutely sucks it's
actually the worst job it's just eight
hours of emails every day and lots of
meetings but when I'm at events and I'm
not like in front of a computer doing
paperwork stuff it's actually pretty
exciting doing the playing stuff is
awesome doing the you know watching the
team like that we sponsor and just has
been a part of the brand for you know
over a year is just also a great
experience so with all those things in
mind
[Music]
i-i-i-i would rather be doing too much
than too little so that's deadly fun so
you're not on stage all tapping out of
the game and answering emails during
that time we're checking the twitch
stream to see how they're doing
checking twitch stream yes I definitely
should be on my phone answering emails
but I signed not to during events but
yeah so thank you have a couple things
but very good well hey is there anything
that you would like to say to any of the
tempo storm or rain ant fans out there I
am thanks to the continued support guys
has been an extremely fun event I would
love to provide some clever quip and/or
rants as per usual but I have had 7 a.m.
call time several days in a row so yeah
quick reminder if you ever want to pick
up beautiful slim form-fitting jersey
such as this one they are in fact
available on store tempo storm comm it's
really comfortable it can breathe I
think yeah that's kinda nice yeah with
the 10% discount code tempo basically
losing money by not buying it so I think
that's how that works
that's just math that so very good well
thank you so much for the interview I
looking forward to seeing how you do
here and elsewhere fdisk on everyone
else you can show you the rest of our
coverage of all things bliss con right
here on my youtube channel oh my gosh I
was so intimidated by interviewing the
sellout master himself rainout that I
forgot to give a shout out to omen by HP
my sponsor for Blizzcon helping me a
novel a out here they are also by the
way partnering with overwatch league for
next year so be sure to follow them at
omen by HP on Twitter for more updates